Who is your favourite celebrity in your country?
What kind of famous people do you often see in the news?
Do you pay Attention to famous people in the news?
Do you believe that the news about famous people in the media is true?
Would you like to be a famous person in the news?

Why do some people like to collect things?
Where do they collect things?
Do you collect things?
Are there any things you keep from childhood?
Would you keep old things for a long time? Why?
Where do you usually keep things you need?

Do you often lose things?
What can we do to avoid losing things?
Why do some people tend to lose things more often than others?
What will you do if you find something lost by others?

Do you often feel bored?
When would you feel bored?
What do you do when you feel bored?
Do you think childhood is boring or adulthood is boring?

Do you like singing?Why?
Have you ever learned how to sing?
Who do you want to sing for?
Do you think singing can bring happiness to people?

Are you good at memorising things?
Have you ever forgoAen something that is important?
What do you need to remember in your daily life?
How do you remember important things?

Is the city where you live crowded?
Is there a crowded place near where you live?
Do you like crowded places?
Do most people like crowded places?
When was the last me when you were in a crowded place?

Do a lot of people like music?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Is it easy to learn music?
Do you have music lessons at school?

Do you like to eat cakes or other sweet foods?
Do you like to eat cakes as a child?
Can you make cakes?
Are there any traditional Chinese cakes?
Do you like to have desserts after meals?

Do you spend a lot of money?
How do you save money?
What do you think about payment apps or mobile payments?
Do you use a credit card to buy things?
Do you think cash will still be popular in the future?

What is your favourite colour?
What colour car would you like to buy?
What colours do your friends like most?
What colour makes you uncomfortable in your room?

When did you start using social media?
Do you think you spend too much time on social media?
Do your friends use social media?
What do people often do on social media?

Do you often wear sunglasses?
Do you spend a lot of money on sunglasses?
Do you give sunglasses as gifts?
Have you ever lost your sunglasses?

Is there an advertisement that made an impression on you when you were a child?
Do you see a lot of advertising on trains or other transport?
Do you like advertisements?
What kind of advertising do you like?

Do you play video games?
Would you watch others play video games?
Do you think people spend too much time playing video games?
Do you prefer playing video games alone or with others?