Are you a student or are you working right now?
What's your favourite subject?
Why did you choose this major? Who helped you to choose this major?
What was your first day at school like?
How much  time do you spend on studying every day?
What do you like most about your study?
Does your major/study live up to your expectation?
Which do you prefer, studying in the morning or in the afternoon?
Which do you prefer, studying alone or with others?
What kind of subjects are often considered as challenging?

Do you like your job?
What do you find most interesting about your work/job?
What is the most important quality of a co-worker/colleague?
Which matters to you more, the job itself or the people you work with?
Have you ever changed your work before?
Do you think you will change your job in the future?
What was your first day at work like?
What do you want your company to improve?
What kind of jobs are popular in China?
Would you like to go to another country to work?

Do you live in an apartment or house?
Do you like your apartment or house?
What is your house or apartment like?
What views can you see through the windows?
What kind of apartment or house do you want to have in the future?
Which part of your country are you from?

Where are you from?
How long have you been living there?
Is your hometown a big city or a small city?
Do you like your hometown?
Are there anything you dislike about your hometown?
Has your hometown changed over the years? What are the changes?

Do you like chatting with friends?
What do you usually chat about with friends?
Do you prefer to chat with a group of people or with only one friend?
Do you prefer to communicate face-to-face or via social media?
Do you argue with friends?
What kind of clothes do you like to wear?

How do you go to work/school?
What's the most popular means of transport in your hometown?
How far is it from your home to school/work?
Do you think people will drive more in the future?

Do you lik to stay in a place with a lot of noise?
Do you think there is too much noise in today's world?
Is making noise one of people's rights?

Do you go running a lot?
Where do you usually go running?
What do you think of running as a form of exercise?

What films do you like?
Did you often watch films when you were a child?
Did you ever go to the cinema alone as a child?
Do you often go to the cinema with your friends?
Do you think going to the cinema is a good way to spend time with friends?

Do you usually help people around you?
How do you usually help people around you, such as neighbors, family, and friends?
Do your parents teach you to help others?
Did your parents help you a lot when you were young?

Is fishing popular in your country?
Do you like eating fish?
Have you ever been to a place where there were lots of fish around you?
Have you seen any movies with lots of fish?

What kind of clothes do you like to wear?
Do you prefer to wear comfortable and casual clothes or smart clothes?
Do you like wearing T-shirts?
Do you spend a lot of time choosing clothes?

Do you often use maps?
Do you use paper maps?
How often do you use maps on your phone?
Do you have maps at home?

Have you ever learned to play a musical instrument?
What musical instrument do you enjoy listening to the most?
Do you think children should learn to play an instrument at school?
Do you think music education is important to children?

Do people like tea and coffee nowadays?
Do you prefer to use tea or coffee to serve your guests?
When was the last time you had a cup of coffee?
Do you usually buy your coffee in a coffee shop?

Are robots important?
Would robots affect people's lives?
Have you ever watched a movie about robots?
Should we let a robot drive for us for long journeys?
What can robots do for you at home?