What factors lead to success?
What do people need to sacrifice for success?
Which is more likely to be successful, family business or large corporations?
Is it easy for a business to be successful without affecting the environment?
Can you provide some examples of family business in your country?
What qualities should be considered when recruiting employees?

Should students have physical education and do sports at school?
What qualities should an athlete have?
Is talent important in sports?
Is it easy to identify children's talents?
What is the most popular sport in your country?
Why are there so few top athletes?

What foreign languages do Chinese children learn?
Why do Chinese children learn English?
Why are so many people learning English?
How can you help children learn English?
Do you think the way people learn English today is the same as in the past?
What are the benefits of the Internet for people's learning?

Are there any differences in the relationship between you and your friends and between you and other people?
Do people feel lonely in crowded cities?
Where and how can people get to know new people?
Can clothing tell and reveal a person's personality?
Why do the individuals from the same family have different personalities?
How does society influence a person's personality?

Are there any differences between cooking today and in the past?
What do we need to prepare when we need to cook?
Do you agree that food is an important part of Chinese festivals?
Which dishes are a must at festivals?
Should students learn to cook at school?
Do you think cooking should be a compulsory or an elective course? Why?

When do you think children start to have their own opinions?
Are children's opinions influenced by their parents?
Who are the smart children likely to be influenced by?
How do inventors or philosophers come up with new ideas?
Are there only old ideas from books or previous writers?
What kind of people have lots of great ideas in your country?

Do you like new things or changes in life?
Why do some people quit and change jobs?
How can we adapt to changes in life?
Who can adapt better to changes, children or adults?
When things like getting married or moving home happen, what kinds of things would you consider?
What are the disadvantages when people keep making changes?

Does learning make people feel tired today?
When do people usually feel tired?
What do you think about striving for learning and striving for sports?
Do people have fewer holidays now than in the past?
What are the differences between feeling tired after studying and after exercising?
How can people solve the problem of old people easily geVng tired?

On what occasions do people have to wait for a long time?
What do people do while waiting?
Are most people patient while waiting?
Do you like to wait for a long time? Why?
Why do most children have difficulties waiting for a long time?
Do people queue consciously while waiting for the subway train?

What are the things that make people feel proud of?
Do people often feel proud of themselves when they complete a difficult task?
What challenges do young people face today?
How do young people handle difficult or challenging tasks?
What kinds of rewards do people receive from work?
What are the most difficult jobs that people do?

What are the things that make people feel proud of?
Do people often feel proud of themselves when they complete a difficult task?
What challenges do young people face today?
How do young people handle difficult or challenging tasks?
What kinds of rewards do people receive from work?
What are the most difficult jobs that people do?

How do most people respond to bad service?
Do you think services are better now than in the past?

Why do people like parties?
Why do some people not like going to parties?
Do you think those who tend to stay at home are less healthy than those who often attend parties?
Do you think music and dancing are a must at a party?
What would you do if you were disturbed by a neighbour's party?
What are the differences between holding a party at home and in a public place?

Do young people like to go to parks?
What do old people like to do in parks?
What benefits can parks bring to a city?
What are the benefits of going to the park for young people and old people?
Why do some people like planting flowers?
Would you say people should help maintain public parks and gardens?

How can people access travel information?
Do people have different personalities in different regions of your country?
What causes the differences between different regions of your country?
Is it just youngsters who like to try new things, or do people of your parents' age also like to try new things?
Is a great tourist destination also a good place to live?
Why do people who go to live in small towns think these towns are more interesting than the big cities?

What are the differences between modern towns and modern cities ?
Why do some people like to visit historical sites?
How can people preserve historical buildings?

What are the differences between painting and drawing?
Why do some people keep a painting for a long time?
How does building style affect people's lives?
Should children learn to draw and paint? Why?
How do young people share arts with others?
Do you think the objects we use in our daily lives should be beautifully designed?

What kinds of photos do people like to take?
Do you think people are taking too many photos these days?
Do you think people take more photos now than in the past?
Do you think equipment is important for photography?
Why do many people like to share their photos on social media?
Do you think being a professional photographer is a good job? Why?

Why do some children not like learning science at school?
Is it important to study science at school?
Which science subject is the most important for children to learn?
Should people continue to study science after graduating from school?
How do you get to know about scientific news?
Should scientists explain the research progress to the public?

What rules should children follow at home in your country?
On what occasions can children be forgiven if they don't follow some rules?
What rules should people follow when using public transport?
Do you think "rules are made to be broken"?

Should parents give their children advice?
Should teachers give students advice?
Is it necessary for us to listen to friends' advice?
How do people give young people and old people advice?
What are the areas in which people are more or less willing to accept advice?
Have you received any advice from professional people, like a doctor, a lawyer, or a teacher?

What do you think of online advertising?
Are there any great online advertisements?
What do people usually buy?
Why does buying new things make people happy?
Do people watch useless advertisements in this day and age?
Do you think there's too much advertising in our daily lives?