What qualities should a leader have?
What should people do without a good team leader?
Why do some people dislike teamwork?
Do you think young people are good team players?

What communication skills does a talkative person have?
Is it good to be talkative?
How should parents encourage their children to talk more?
How should people encourage children to express themselves when being asked questions that they are afraid to answer?
On what occasions do you think a child should should talk less than usual?
What jobs need employees to be talkative?

Do people in your country often invite others to their homes? Why?
What kind of people do you think are more likely to invite others to their homes?
Who are more likely to invite others to their homes, people in the countryside or people in the city?
Are tourist attractions in the countryside more welcome than those in the city?
What facilities are there in the tourist attractions in your country?

What activities do children in your country often do?
At what time do children often have activities?
What are the differences between activities at home and at school?
Why do some people like to participate in activities?
What activities do people do in their free time?
Does technology affect children's activities? If so, how?

What kind of places should be noise-free?
Can people bring children to these noise-free places?
Why can't people make noise in a church?
What public morals should people follow in your country?

Do you think people in your country have long enough holidays?
Which holidays are popular in your country?
Are there any popular places for holidays in your country?
What are the differences between old and young people when spending their holidays?
Do you think having holidays help people learn other countries' cultures?
Why do some people dislike holidays?

How do companies train their staff to deal with complaints?
What do people usually complain about?
How do most people complain, in writing or by other methods?

What are the differences between shopping in small shops and in big shopping malls?

What goals should a society have?
Do people need to have goals?
What goals do people at your age have?
Is it necessary to give advice to children?
What goals do young people usually have?
What should people do to achieve their goals?

Are you often busy?
What are the advantages and disadvantages when people keep busy?
Do you think children should learn through playing games or under pressure?
What kind of pressure people may experience at work?
How does technology help with time management?
Does technology distract people?

Where do children learn skills in your country?
What are the differences between learning skills on your own and from others?
What important skills should a child learn?
What skills do you think teenagers should have?
Who should teach teenagers skills?
What are the differences between children learning skills and adults learning skills?

What kind of people tend to lose things more often than others?
What kind of things do people often lose?
Why do some people find lost things easier than others?
What do you think are the reasons why some people pick up lost things and don't give them back?

What are the main means of transport in your country?
What can the government do to improve transport in your country?
Do you think travelling was better in the past than it is now?
Do you think that tourist attractions help people learn about new cultures?
What difficulties do people often face when travelling
Do you think technology makes travelling more difficult?

Do most people prefer to watch movies at home or in a cinema?
What are the advantages of going to the cinema with friends?

How do people have a conversation with an elderly person?

Do you think everyone's routine is different?
Which jobs need a morning routine?
Is a daily routine important?

Should people be very kind when they help others?
Should children be taught to be kind to others?
How do you compare kindness with other qualities?

Do people go outdoors more or less now?
What can people do outdoors besides exercising?
When do people usually go outdoors to get close to nature?
What can people do to get close to nature?

On what occassions do people have to do things in a hurry?
Why do some people spend a long time on having a meal?
Would people feel more satisfied if they finished doing something quickly?

What do people usually do when they get lost?
What are the differences between paper and digital maps?
What do you think of in-car GPS navigation system?
What do people often do with a map?
Why do most people prefer to us a paper map?
How does learning to read a map help you learn more about your country?

What facilities do young people and old people like in your country?
What are the differences between old facilities and new facilities?
What measures should be taken to deal with damage to public facilities?
What's the difference between facilities in the countryside and the ones in the cities?

What equipment do you find difficult to use?
What can you do with a laptop?
What are the benefits of using technology in the work place?
Why do some people in the work place dislike technology?
Why do people buy a lot of household appliances?
What do people often do with electronic devices?

Why should students wear uniforms?
Why should people at work wear uniforms?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of wearing a uniform?

What are the benefits of public facilities?
Why are some public transport methods popular, such as the subway?
Why are some public transport methods unpopular?
What kind of transport do young people and old people prefer?
What do you think are the differences between Chinese square dancing now and in the future?

What kind of jobs do Chinese young people like to do?
Do Chinese young people prefer to choose an interesting job or a job with a high salary?
Do you think it is easier to get job now than in the past?
Is it important to be successful in a job?
Do you think AI will take over many jobs?
Can AI improve people's lives? If so, how?

Do people have enough places to relax in your country?
What do people usually do when they are relaxed?
Is physical activity good for relaxation?
Do you think that spending time in front of a screen helps people to relax?
Do people have to spend a lot of money to relax?
Do people nowadays have more ways to relax than in the past?